Yeah, I think like go ahead. Now you go. Who knows what I was about to say. Yeah, you sleep the private who knows
Did you notice that the names stay the white? What a funny riverside feature. So under our names,
you see the descriptions. Yeah. Oh, that's from the stand up. Yeah, so they can change our descriptions
and then they stick in the middle. I can't read yours because you're wearing a white shirt
in the Texas light. And I'm so curious. I don't know. It says it says resident nice guy.
That's a good one for you. It's funny. I just says vegan vegan vegan vegan vegan vegan. Yeah,
which is accurate. Yours is accurate and mine is also accurate.
By the way, you and Casey sent us baby stuff. Yes, we did. Thank you for that. Also,
how did you even think to find her registry Casey's amazing. I'm assuming it was her. I did.
I didn't find out though before you did. So that was good. She told me she did it. I was like,
Yes, I can be like, yeah, you're welcome. And I'll be like, what are you talking about? Yeah,
the baby ratio thing was funny because so I never done anything like that because I have a small
family. You never had a baby. Yeah. Yeah, just registry in general, like, or just your family buying
you stuff like the more people you have, like the more stuff you can get, right? So we had a small
family and we never had a we never did the wedding registry thing because we had a small wedding.
So Liz was like, man, my family owes me because we haven't done any of those things. And she's got
a big family. So she started making this list and literally as she was making it, like, you know,
one of her aunts was like, Oh, like, let me see what you did so far. And she sent the list to her
aunt, then it started leaking. Like the list started getting around and people started buying stuff.
And then my mom was like, wait, what? Like, I wanted to get that what I wanted to get that.
My mom felt like, oh, yeah, annoyed that she couldn't get anything that was like very meaningful,
you know, like all the good ones were taken. And I'm like, this is amazing. Like boxes were just
showing up to her house and like, it's so expensive. It's really, it's a really great situation. Yeah,
it's a great situation. I can remember, but I don't know if we did the wedding I know we did for the
babies, but it's a good feeling. Yeah, you just got a lot on your mind. There's a lot going on and
just having people buy you stuff and like be excited to buy you stuff is kind of awesome.
Yeah, like fighting over it. And then we have so much stuff and like,
it's spread out among like, you know, 50 people. So yeah, I'll do the most expensive baby honor.
Why not? Yeah, exactly. My expensive taste really shines.
We randomly came across the store like in like physically like we saw this like baby
stroller and like car seat store. And we went and visited it to see like, oh, let's forget what
shoulders we want to do. And they literally had like this strip of all the different terrains,
which I swear they like from our neighborhood. Like it literally covers all the terrain in our
neighborhood. And you can try each stroller on it on the different terrains. That's amazing.
And then and Liz was like, you know what? So we tried a bunch and was like, you know what?
I really like this one. And I'm like, okay, cool. Like, let's look at the price. Of course,
it's the most expensive one, right? So I'm like, okay, whatever, like it goes in the red sheet.
I think her parents got it for us. And then I'm like, okay, I didn't have time to do the car seat
and get it on a registry to do research. So let me like, so a couple days ago, I was like looking
up car seat stuff. Of course, the stroller we have is like the apple of strollers where like,
nothing is compatible with it. Like you have to just be locked into their
stroller ecosystem. And everything is like 30% more expensive because of that.
Yeah. Yeah, it's the it's a bugaboo Fox Pro 5, which it's a great stroller. It's a great product
from what I can tell so far. We've we've taken it because Zuko is like a little afraid of
he's like always been afraid of like shopping carts and shoulders and stuff. So we were
practicing it with him. And we were with it. Yeah. But we like, we want to walks with it. And I'm
like, I really hope nobody like tries to look inside and be like, Oh, let me see the cute baby.
And they're like, what? It's empty. Put a coconut in there.
Great stroller. But you know, it's a it's a
strollers are a great investment. Like, I've got a five year old who still sometimes we go on
family walks and he rides in the stroller. Like he's not too big to to sit in it. So we've got
it. Is it like the same stroller that you had from when they were a kid and like convert to all
these from stages or is it like a lie? Well, you know, I don't remember either. I don't think either
of them really did the stroller thing when they were little, like we had babies that didn't want to be
in car seats or strollers. Like we just we didn't do it much. I think in fact, I think Casey got this
stroller when Archie was already like two or three. I don't think it was ever in use as a baby. So
maybe it doesn't even work for babies. I don't know. Yeah, I guess our lifestyle's a little different
because like we're going to be like going around our neighborhood a lot. So yeah, you can walk. Yeah.
And then for reasons that are not pointless. Not focusing yourself to walk. Just like why empty
roads so you don't die at age 60. Yeah, exactly. That's the only reason we walk. Yeah. Speaking of
walking, I have some things to share with you. I nice transition. This is I'm so excited. What is
this going to be? Well, you know, it's a walking running and I've gotten into running two weeks ago.
Oh, really? I mean, yeah, I've been doing it in the mornings. Yeah. Yeah, me too. So here's a funny
little thing. So I got I started two weeks ago. I'm I'm I just finished week two. And the first
week I started our water heater broke. So we didn't have like hot water. And you know, as it's like
your house, like the power went out briefly at night and came back on and something about that,
like you need like a hard reset from inside. But there were three days where we didn't have it.
And as an art clinics user, normally I'm fine, not showering for three days. But given I just
picked up running and it's a summer in Miami, I came home drenched in sweat. I'm like, there's no
way I just have to take a cold shower and my whole life, cold shower, my whole life, I got
my whole life being like, cold showers are so stupid. Like, why would I ever do that? It's just
unpleasant. I just want to be comfortable. I don't give a shit. I want to take a hot shower.
And then I turn on the water and I was also like, no, I don't know how this sucks. And I get into it.
And it sucked for 30 seconds. And something in my brain flipped where it was like, yeah,
it's like being in the pool. It's hot. And you get in the pool and it feels amazing.
And now I'm like addicted to cold showers. Like I look forward to the run specifically so I can
get this feeling about going into a cold pool. Yes. Like, I love sauna or exercise, get really hot,
and then getting a cold shower, a cold plunge. Yeah, it feels crazy good. And I'm like, this,
like in hindsight, it makes sense. Because like, yeah, like when I get into a pool, I'm not like,
fuck this pool. I hate it. I'm like, this is awesome. Yeah, I get the ocean. I like it too. So it's
just like, it's like what your brain expects. And that determines whether you're supposed to warm.
Yeah, it's like, it makes no sense that I would be drenched in sweat after running a 90 degree
heat and getting to a hot shower. But I would like you guys. Well, that's what my brain expected,
right? So if these two, but what's funny is if these two things hadn't happened in the same week,
I would have never discovered this. Like, it's a really happy accident.
So true. Like, if you hadn't been running, it hadn't been summer and you hadn't lost your
hot weight or that's amazing. Yeah. Coincidence. I'm like a whole new person now. I feel amazing
every morning. Yeah. It's great. I feel like garbage. But that's because I can't sleep.
It's been, I think I'm day three of like very, very low sleep.
Is it because you're sort of super excited about everything?
Is it? It's a combination of personal struggles and work excitement. It's definitely stress.
It's like cortisol in my system in the middle of the night. I just can't, it's the can't stay
asleep thing. I fall asleep great. I'm like a champion at falling asleep at the beginning of
the night. Like world class, five minutes tops every time. And I sleep till about two
really well every night. And then after two, it's just like coin flip. It could be a great
night. It could be a night where I get up to P like last night at two thirty and I am up
the rest of the day. I'm laying in bed till five, but I am literally awake.
And that's been like two or three days. So it starts to pile on and like,
I'm dragging. Do you not crash at some point? I'll sleep really well tonight. Saturday morning,
because I don't work on the weekends anymore. Like I don't. And I used to wake up early on
Saturday and Sunday and still in work those days. Now that I don't wake up to work,
I somehow mentally like my brain just says, now I can sleep and I sleep super. I'll sleep till
like seven thirty tomorrow, which is like insane for me. Yeah. You know, it's, yeah, it's funny.
It's like when you get older to all this stuff, at least for me, it was, I don't know how you
were like as a kid, but as a, when I was like a teenager, I could just sleep till like one p.m.
Oh, yeah. Yeah. The afternoon sleeps. Yeah. It's like the concept of like,
oh, no, I woke up. I can't go back to sleep. That's just like, was so like, like, what,
what the heck is that? I think about this all the time, how much like,
just sleeping is such a hard thing in my life. And like, as a kid, how dumb that would have sounded,
like, what do you mean? It's hard to sleep. It's hard to get up ever. But like, when you're a kid,
and I'm still like, I still see myself as someone that like sleeps kind of like a rock, but even
I've had situations now where I've gotten to this habit of like, when I wake up and like,
I wake up has a certain amount. My brain just flips into your wake, you're starting your day,
you're doing everything. And that gets triggered by accident sometimes like, like, let's have a,
let's change up to her alarm the other day. And she like, she got like much better than she normally
did. And my brain just acted like I was waking up. And I like got like an hour and a half, let's
sleep as I normally do. And it's like wild to me that this is like a problem. Usually like, my whole
life waking up was the biggest challenge. Yes. Possible. Like growing up going to school every
morning. I hated waking up and not going to sleep. Yeah, it was every single morning. I'd always
miss the bus. It's just a huge thing. So yeah, I think when you get older, you're just like,
I'm working now or like, I don't know, maybe it's because this is like a positive way to spin it.
I just didn't want to go to school. So that didn't really. Yeah, right. Yeah, the positive way to
spin it is that like, we enjoy our adult lives and we're excited to wake up and be awake for it.
Yeah, no, it's like most of the fun things in life happen when you're awake. Yeah, all of them,
maybe. I don't know. I had some breakfast. So I'm feeling a little better now. I was like,
an hour ago, I was like, am I should I be on a podcast? I don't know. Yeah. So the other thing is,
we launched open code yesterday. So congratulations to you and to all of us. It is our biggest launch
ever. I think my tweet has 2000 likes on it. It hit 1000 like so quickly. Our biggest open code
launch ever because I feel like we've launched three or four times. Yeah, I know. Now biggest
launch. I think this thing I've ever launched ever. Oh, really? In terms of like speed of likes.
Yeah, in terms of initial like, just reaction. I will say it feels like this whole project,
there's been so much pent up demand. Like every time there's murmurs, it feels like people are like,
very anxiously awaiting this thing, which is interesting because there are established,
I mean, cloud code is, I guess, established in the AI world. It's like, it's been around for two
months. I think it's a combination of, to be honest, a lot of stuff we release ends up feeling this way
because I do not know how other companies do it. I just leak information left and right. Like,
as I work on it, I share it. I like post stuff. We haven't even implemented yet. I like,
I'm so just watched how I do everything and I can't operate any other way,
or as most companies like build in silence and then they like do like a big announcement. Nobody
sees coming. But I think given that that's how I just, I just can't operate in the other way,
it naturally creates like this fervor around it, where everyone's like kind of watching it and
they're like, keeping up with it and they're like kind of anxiously waiting for me to say like,
okay, go. So that's one, that's part of it. So I feel like this happened a few times like when we did
SCV3 felt this way, open off felt this way. I remember being on the other end of it. Yeah.
I remember being one of the people in the crowd like, yes, just being in the least. Yeah. Yeah.
And it all gets to a point where I'm like, I can't, I got to stop doing this. And I like,
just like the final week, I go super silent and then I release it. Yeah. That would always goes.
It's that multiplied by the fact that this is, and I was telling the team yesterday, like,
it feels so good to finally build something where I'm like 100% of the audience and reach we built
up and worked hard to build up over the last five years can be tapped into for this thing. Like,
this is something that truly anyone can use that's combined with that. And then combined with like,
the fact that AI is like, everyone's a kind of really interested in figuring out where it flows
right now. So I think all those being combined together is just making this much bigger than
anything else. Yeah. And it makes it so exciting to work on. I mean, I just like being at this
moment in time in these careers that we have, like being software developers, I feel like it's a very
critical couple of years where things are definitely changing. Like, you can say what you want about
LLMs. I know there's still a lot of like, it's got that MongoDB thing where people like hate it for
reasons that were like years ago. Like, whatever you think about LLMs, they're at the very least,
they're going to be very good at coding. Like, they're already very good at coding. And I feel like,
it's going to change software development in some meaningful way over the next couple of years,
it already has started. So I think being at this point in time and working on something at that
intersection where you're actually getting to help shape what it could look like and think
about what it could look like, just super fun. Maybe we're way off. Maybe, you know, in two years,
things change so much because the models are different and whatever. But it's just fun to be in
this moment, kind of working on this problem when you've been doing this a long time. Like,
you've been working as a programmer for 15 years. It's just fun to kind of be on the front lines.
Yeah, I know if you saw my post where I said, I finally feel like I'm the right age for one of
these big shifts because everything, you know, I think I technically lived through a few big
things, right? Like, I technically lived through the internet thing. I was obviously way too young
for when like the internet took off. I lived through the mobile thing. I lived through, I guess,
just like, I would probably count just the SaaS thing, like just like the era where like a million
SaaS companies shot up to like a billion dollars. And in all of those moments, I was literally too
young or even if I was like working age, I was too stupid. Where even if I was trying to like,
do something in it, I would just end up working on something dumb because I couldn't see that.
I think when these things happen, there's like so many things that you can do and 99% of it
seems like a great idea, but it's kind of has a good obvious ceiling. I would have just found
myself working on one of those due to inexperience. But now there's finally a shift happening where
like I have enough experience to be like, I know I can identify the nine out of 10 good ideas that
are actually bad. So I can actually work on the thing that makes sense. And I have like the reach
to like actually, you know, market it, distribute it. And it's something like just like a skill
experience, like build a good product. Like everything is finally aligning where in the past,
it always felt way more like, Oh, that's like other people doing that. And I'm like, kind of,
kind of like ride code tails, you know, yeah. Yeah, it's a good product. Like we made a good
thing. It's really like, yeah, it's impressive in such a short amount of time. Like it was less
than a month ago, started rewriting, right? That feels like forever ago, when you think of just
the shift that it's taken, I mean, the direction it's gone. Yeah, do you find it weird? Do you find
it like crazy that I think we work well together and like, we started a podcast way before we had
ever done anything together? You know what I mean? Like, do we work well together, like programming
wise because we had this going on? I mean, it definitely helps. But there's some weird overlap
that is uncommon. And I would even say that the overlap is actually more true with Frank and Jay
than it is with me and something that I had to like learn. So my approach to product forever was to
like just get core stuff working and like never polish it or make it feel really good. And I would
like kind of be annoyed doing those little details because it felt like a waste of time.
And that totally changed when I started working with Frank and Jay, because they like made me
see a totally different way. And I understood that we're just, I understood all the reasons why that
was wrong. Like you needed the polish stuff and put out stuff that's like really well tested and
handled edge cases. And you naturally go that way. And I don't think most people do, especially
most engineers, like I think most engineers are like kind of like how I was originally.
And that can be really frustrating when that doesn't line up on both sides because like
everyone, if you don't believe in the underlying reason to like go that intense on some of these
details, like it's just going to feel very annoying to work together. So I think that's just like a
like a random coincidence or gift or maybe the explanation is like you've, you know, built
stuff and have learned the same lessons. But yeah, I think we work together in like weirdly
coincidental nice ways. Yeah. Yeah, I just I was just thinking about this morning trying to figure
out like, like which came first or is it just a coincidence that we enjoyed talking to each
other and have to have a podcast and then also happened to work well together and something about
it. Like the programming thing could have been totally I'm just trying to remember when we first
like even worked on the same repo together, did it was it super weird to go from it's like when you
meet somebody in person that you've only DMed or something. It's like, oh, now we're writing code
together. This is weird. I don't even remember. I guess it would have probably been rebase.
Shout out. I think it's funny because to me it just feels kind of like a miracle because I it's
so easy for me to forget this, but my entire career every single day's emotion was I'm getting work
done, but it's like so annoying and difficult. And I wish everyone would just listen to me.
And it was like always just like like constant friction. And then at some point when I started
working Frank and Jay, that just totally disappeared. And I forgot that that's what work feels like
for most people. And that was me finding like my right fit with other people. And the work I did
was suddenly overnight like 10x better. Like I was always capable of that. It just I wasn't
in the right environment. And if I had to like pinpoint specific details, I just don't it's the
feeling I get when we all work together is I feel like everyone just goes off and does their own
thing and doesn't really need a ton of help and doesn't care to like be overly opinionated about
stuff outside of that. And even when there is like stuff that needs to be fixed, everyone
we very quickly like even like I think this is the feeling of always felt working Frank and Jay is
even when there's a conflict where we have a disagreement on how something should be done,
which one happens rarely because we're almost always on the same page. But when it happens,
it's resolved super quickly. Like within 10 minutes, we've we've worked out who's actually
right. And everyone's like fully on board and not like well, I'll like I'll say they're right,
but I'm still annoyed under the hood. And like, you know, I'm gonna have a heart
versus excitement, which is usually how conflicts are resolved. Someone wins, but not everyone's
on board. Yeah, so just dynamics I've gotten so used to, but it is rare.
It's very, very common on a team for there to be those things that drag on and there's like
multiple meetings to try and figure out who's right and what's the direction that should be
gone. And then yeah, no one even feels good at the end. There's not total buy-in on the other
thing. And I just take this so for granted, but it's very normal in a company for the whole like
engineering team not to agree with the direction for like a year and to still go that way because
they're like disagreeing like what was in charge has a different view. They might still end up being
right, but they don't actually have buy-in. So it's just like every day is friction. These are
like the details that make me like when I think about this and remember that situation I'm in.
And I imagine adding someone new to the team or like selling the company and joining another team.
All of that is at risk and that like scares me so much, which motivates me to like try to like
make the current situation continue to work. Yeah, because it is rare. That makes sense.
Well, I hope our podcast listeners have enjoyed listening to us just pat each other on the back
for like 20 minutes. It's been fun for me. I mean, I'm enjoying it. Yeah. But I know I,
but to continue patting ourselves on the back, it is a good product. I think people literally open
it and they're just like, what the heck like this is crazy. And I'm really just proud and excited
to finally have stuff out there where people have their reaction to. Yeah, it was not a good feeling
before the release. Like it was not a good feeling when we were completely dormant,
like a week and a half ago, not dormant. Like we were in that branch and it was just very
confusing from the outside. Yeah. But it felt a little better when we kind of like,
we merged that branch into dev and it became like there are actual releases of this thing.
And then after yesterday, man, I just feel so much better. Yeah. Just feel so good to actually
have it out there and just be using it. I'm using it on all my work right now. And it's just,
it feels good. Like I'm actually installing it on my machine instead of just running
the tight script file directly. Yeah, exactly. And I know I woke up today and there was like a
million messages that are almost like good. Just DM some like people we know, like well-known
people being like, Hey, it was awesome. Congratulations. Like it's, it's always a nice day. I'll share
some of those guys. I haven't had time to screenshot everything, but I'll share some of those with
you guys later. So yeah, this is fun. But now we have, you know, another mountain of work.
Yeah, there's always things that could be added. And it's, it's interesting that like
there's kind of this assumed roadmap where you're kind of like coming into a space where there are
a few existing tools. And you just imagine like, we got to have all these features to like be
at parity with everything else. And then we can innovate on stuff. But then it's like, and we don't
need all those things. And you can kind of just like let your own open source, like noise,
yeah, the signal coming from open source kind of drive. What's most important? Like,
there's features that are pretty big features missing from something like called like permissions.
Like we're just right now it's full auto and you can't, there's no front end for the permissions
yet. So you can't like actually opt into that. And we've had, I guess we've now had some people.
But it's kind of like waiting to see like how long before something happened, because I love
it without the permissions. As soon as we have permissions, I'm, we're going to have an auto
accept feature, because that's what I'm turning on. I don't want it to ever change.
Well, I, I actually given how, and this is what's awesome about launching and releasing, like,
yes, like you have a bunch of people to use it. But it's such a crazy source of data that just
reorient your priorities and your perspective on things. Like if you asked me a month ago,
I would have been like, yeah, the default has to be really conservative and permissions prompt
for everything. And then we have this version that doesn't do that. And so many people are fine with
it. And when you like run cloud code now, and I go through the initial setup, it feels horrible.
There was like a million danger danger, accept this. Are you okay? And it's just like, just not
a good feeling. So now given like, you know, the information from people that you ask people
care about permissions, but it's not most people. I'm way more inclined to say that default should
be off and people cannot into something more strict. And if you think about it, it's like,
yeah, people can make people say, oh, that's like an unsafe default. Like, you know, that's
gonna lead to bad things. But that's fine. You can have tools that optimize for different things.
Power user tools. Do not hold your hand every step of the way, right? Everyone talks about how
Windows is like your mom. And it's always like, make sure you want to do that. Is that okay?
Linux, if you do RMRF, it's just doing it, you know? Yeah. So there's just different
tools for different people. And I think we're building for ourselves. And I think we,
yeah, like we're power users and we don't want all that stuff in the way by default.
Yeah. Yeah, it's very nice. But then it is like, there is still just a ton of stuff that it feels
like we do need to add. And I just so badly, I want to play with new ideas and like, other ways to
get more performance out of it. I mean, there's just, there's a constant like treadmill that all
these different tools the teams are thinking through and trying to just feel like the models
are good enough now that there's still a lot of improvement to be made just on the tools,
like the tool side, not like tool calling tools. I just mean like our tool, open code,
cloud code. In fact, there's so much room still for them to improve and to do new novel things
with the models to increase the effectiveness. So it's yeah, it's this cool, unknown infinite
roadmap where like, you don't even know, could it be two times better? I don't know, maybe that's
a stretch, but yeah, yeah, Frank was saying something roughly above it is saying like, he's like,
I think we could do two times better, probably not 10 X better in terms of performance, but
but two X seems like reasonable. Yeah, there's so many ideas given our positioning that we can,
we can play with. I'm mostly so excited about just the core packaging of it, like we're, yeah,
we executed well on that. We're going to continue to execute well on that. You know, it's a I don't
see how anyone catches up to that because it's like a pretty unique skill set. And I didn't have
it five years ago, like I gained it over the work I've done for the past five years. So,
yeah, so many little details that are like pretty delightful for people to find out, like,
and it's cool to see people recognize it and call it out. We obviously put a lot of work
thinking about configuration and how to make the whole initial flow, not require any config file.
And it's a great feeling you open it and it guides you through and it's ready to go.
Almost no CLI. CLI tools like don't think about those things generally. And so a few people were
like, wow, no config. That's awesome. So it's cool to see like people recognize the effort.
It's been so long since I've run it from scratch. If you already have like an API key and you're in,
does it even run through that wizard at the beginning to set up providers? It's just you're in.
Yeah, that's awesome. It just works. So it's literally zero config if you have API keys like
anthropic API key and you're in. Yeah, yeah. And these are the things. Going back to what I
said earlier about Polish, like yesterday I spent a bunch of time printing out really good,
not really good. I'd put more time into it, but decent power messages for when you're config,
we haven't even heard you're config. And this is the type of thing where in the past I've been like,
who cares? Like people will figure it out and they will, you know, fix the config file.
Like I don't need to waste time like doing this random feature. But now I've learned a few things,
which is for every person that runs into that and brings it up to you, there's probably 10 people
that ran into it and just never figured it out and gave up. And two, when people bring it up,
it's annoying and it's a distraction. It takes away from your time. So now I'm like, the more I can
help people help themselves, like I'm going to do whatever it takes. It's just going to pay back
in the long run. And this is not where my instincts were tuned like five years ago.
Yeah, I'm so glad you nailed that opening sequence because it does, it just makes a huge difference
for people's first impressions. Yeah. Yeah, I'm feeling good about where it's at. I mean,
there's obviously there's like a million long tail things with all the different providers we
support because this is the tool that you can use a bunch of bad models. I mean, models that
probably won't be very good at this task. But if you're doing like, I mean, like this morning,
I had I opened open code to just make some changes to some little shell scripts that I run for like,
managing T mucks and stuff. And in those use cases, like you probably can use cheaper,
simpler, faster models. And it's, it's probably fine. So there's like, there's use cases people
wanting to use this kind of stuff like in CI pipelines, just generate, get commit messages
or whatever. There's always like weird edge case usages that having a configurable model is actually
a meaningful feature. Like that, that matters. And it just opens it up to be used in so many other
contexts. I think that's why it's always good to make stuff hackable, because you will be surprised
with how people use it. And they usually gives you ideas. We had someone as a PR, I'll work on
this after a after the podcast, but they want to, for us to be able to detect when a model does
not support tool use and not submit the tool schemas in the requests, because in the model's errors,
which is weird. Because like, what the heck? Like, what do you mean? Like, what are you going to do
with a model that doesn't have tool use like open codes useless? But they have a model if they like,
and they just want to use it. They just want to talk to it. And because it's not like from a big
cup in like open AI or cloud, there's not a great interface. We're just chatting with it. It's like
a crappy interface. But they're just using open code as a normal client for an L M, like a normal
L M interaction, because they want to do it in the terminal. So interesting. Yeah, not use
case. That's what I thought about, but it makes sense. Yeah, it makes a little sense once you see
it, but we would never thought about it ahead of time. But like making this all customizable and
and hackable, you start to see people do that. The other thing that was kind of exciting for me to
see is I love seeing like the boring parts of the world prop up, because that's when I feel like
we've really like tapped into a wider audience versus like the very internet oriented startupy
people that we typically are around. A bunch of people are like, Oh, cool. I can use this with my
like corporate approved Azure credentials. It's like they have like a lockdown laptop and they
can't use any L M besides the one their company gives them. And now finally they can play with this
stuff. So it was cool seeing just all those weird, weird use cases pop up, because in my head, I'm like,
Oh, yeah, everyone's using cloud code. Like, yeah, you can all use code. But a lot of people like
literally can't and probably, you know, it's so early as big as all this feels. The majority of
people have not used cloud code. Oh, yeah, it's cool to see those people start to see this for the
first time. Yeah, it's early is early. It's very exciting. I need to be a little less excited. I need
to sleep. I need to sleep good. What? Yeah, what else is going on? I don't know. It feels like
thing. It's been pretty consuming. I've been like head down. And I've just got, yeah, a lot going on.
So what's what's going on on the internet outside of or the world? I don't know,
entertain me puppet. I'm just I'm just I'm trying to I'm trying to you've been head down too. I mean,
okay, so here's the thing. You know what? I can't bring this up every episode. My whole Twitter
rework. I'm continually be shocked at how effective it is. Because yesterday Jay was like, Oh, man,
these like mid journey video things are really cool. I'm like, what are you talking about mid
journey video? And yeah, mid journey launched like a whole video generation thing. And like,
a month ago, I would have seen that in like four seconds that they launched it. And I went like,
oh, like a whole 24 hours without seeing a single thing about it. They I mean, launched the same
day we did. Oh, really? Yeah, I hadn't heard anything. But I guess I just haven't been on Twitter
probably. But because I have not done a good job with like curating Twitter feed. It's mine's
still a disaster. Yeah, I think I'm trying to get a few other things that popped up. There was that
whole I think a carpet the Oh, yeah, gave that talk. I didn't watch it. But everyone was talking
about it. They were like software 3.0. It's always he's jacked. What? Yeah, what was the
talk? No, no, no, that jacked was a that was a that was that was car Mac. That was car Mac. Yes,
sorry. Okay, so what was Carpathy's talk? I didn't hear about this. I think I have to see it. I think
you give a talk just on his vision for software moving forward, given AI. I think he's like trying
to cat call it software 3.0 and like define the shape of what that looks like. I haven't I haven't
looked into it at all. He is the one that coined vibe coding. I know. Here's so here's my question.
I don't I don't know a lot about Carpathy. I know he very well respected. I know he's like an AI
God, the Tesla self driving. All these places he's been he's amazing at it. Is he like actually
plugged in as a software developer? Like does he make things that are meaningful or is he just
like a more data sciencey kind of guy? Well, here's a funny thing that happened. He posted a few
months ago being like, you're trying to build something like build like an actual web app thing.
And he was like really overwhelmed. He was like, Oh man, like what? What do I even start with?
Like, where do I host it? Like, what do I do? And I found it hilarious because
every dev tool CEO in the reply begging. Carpathy, please, please use my think please.
This is the best way to do it. And I was so proud that I had zero instinct to like
get in the reply. That reflects, I think, the state of the overall industry right now, which is
yes, he understands stuff really well. And he's got really good perspective. And there's a lot
that we can learn from, but how good can it be when he doesn't understand when he's not an expert
in this area? Not only is he not an expert, he's a beginner, right? Understanding what day to
day building something from zero to one and launching it looks like. So most of the tools
that have come out are coming from like that part of the world. Like, yes, it's coming out from
software, but it feels still like external people building tools for us, the people that actually
like would use them. So yeah, I don't know how much I would put stock in his vision for it. I
can have to listen to it to see. But it definitely feels like that part of the world talking to us
again. Yeah, the whole like vibe coding term is forever just tainted for me. Like, there's no way
to redeem that phrase. It means something to me and like, I feel like some people try to like,
oh, well, it can just mean using AI assistance in your programming. And that's very different
thing. Yeah. Anybody that says, I just have this visceral reaction to somebody saying like,
can I vibe code with it? Is it a vibe coding tool? Like, no, you cannot, that is not what it is,
is a super power user tool for experienced programmers. Okay.
What was funny is that the only time I've ever vibe coded was with open code, because like,
I was like, okay, let me like actually try doing this, like everyone's.
I'm not actually trying. I should try. Yeah, that that Tetris thing that I share with you guys,
like, yeah, that was impressive that it just made all that, huh? You didn't even look at the code.
Just no, still, I'm literally never open the file.
That is vibe. Yeah. So I was like, you did the thing. This is my first time actually trying it.
And it felt my feeling around it was pleasant. It was a positive feeling, but it wasn't work.
It wasn't different. It's just a different thing. It was place. Yeah, it was like,
yeah, it's entertainment playing with Legos. It's entertainment. Yeah.
That sounds fun. I, you know, I was like, I've also been trying not to like,
ever since I got like, you know, for a long time, I only had my desktop. And a year ago,
I got the MacBook Air and that a side effect of that was like, I just started working in bed
before sleep before I couldn't. So I just didn't. So now I'm trying to like,
weed myself off doing that. So I was like, okay, I have my laptop, but let me like,
try to wind down. And I would just drive the five cutting thing.
It was really nice. I was waiting for Liz to finish her shower so we could hang out,
sitting in bed, just like messing with it, had music on. It was a nice, relaxing, like meditative
experience. Like nothing I did mattered. It wasn't important for it to be good.
You can turn off your brain. Yeah. Create something.
Yeah. So it was like purely play, joy, fun. And I think there's a lot of value in that.
It's not whatever, you know, how I'm trying to use it, but there's something there.
Yeah. Like create a SaaS business.
I think the thing that I would like to use it for now that I've thought about it, I mean,
play sounds fun too, like relaxing and doing something fun should try that sometime.
But the thing I'm thinking of is like making little utility, like Mac apps, like in the
tray at the top or making like browser extensions that are just for me, like just making things
that I don't know how to make a browser extension. But if I could make one that made Twitter better
or something, you know what I mean? Like highly customized little like applets for those kind
of contexts where I'd love to just like pull up in my tray and get XYZ this little utility that
could show me some information I want and just use vibe coding to like make that kind of stuff.
I feel like it could be good for that use case, but that's I have no experience. So I'm out here.
I think we all need to like realize we have this thing we can do now and we need to like
identify it so we actually do it. Like we should fix these micro cuts that we face all day because
they're not difficult to fix. Difficult to have an element and build something to fix it and they
don't need to scale. We're not trying to build the business of it. Yeah. Yeah. I think Lee Rob had
I'm like jealous because I was thinking of like a similar term, but he coined it first. He was
like, this is the arrow of like personal software where it's like, mmm, it's software just for you.
I think a really nice thing like kind of detailing that. I think the part that's confusing is
I think it is true. We are like in this new era where we can all have personal software.
I don't think 99% of the world is going to do that. I think it's still going to be like a
small percentage of people that do. And I think a lot of those are being built around the idea that
everyone's going to have personalized software. I don't think that's a case. I think most people
don't really want to do that. Just like how not everyone cooks, even though we can all cook. And
there's like infinite machines to make it easy. But you know, for myself, like, yeah, like I think
I need to like use this more and like build these little things that could fix a bunch of my little
problems. Yeah, it kind of makes me think like, and I've always enjoyed this past time of like
tinkering with my environment. Well, I enjoy the effects of it. I don't always enjoy how long
I spend on it. So I feel like if I could use these models to just take over my dot files and like
I just described what I want, that actually sounds kind of nice because I don't I don't think it's
the actual typing that I enjoy when it's configuring my environment. It's just getting everything just
how I want it. Yeah, I feel like these models could just be like, I just really want to know
what my dot files look like. I just want to literally let them run wild and I just tell it
exactly what I want. That sounds nice. Yeah, I'll try that. Yeah, I actually did that the other day
with trying out Wayland on Linux, which I've tried a bunch of times and I've always like failed
because the whole Wayland Nvidia stuff is tricky. But open code was good enough at that point where
instead the last time I tried to I did try to use AI, but it was always like, talk to Claude,
Claude, Claude, copy paste like that whole workflow. But now I just let open code access
my whole system and like fix all the issues and I actually got like a very decent working setup.
Still stuff didn't work where I had to like build back into my old one. So I still failed to switch
over. But yeah, it was like, great, because I could try this out and it can like debug all
these things. And I don't really care about its knowledge. I don't care to have like, yeah, I don't
I don't really care to to know some of these things. Like I still ended up learning a bunch
because I was like watching what I was doing. Yeah, sure. You're following along. It is really
effective to watch these threats. Like if you just think of the sessions that you can share
through open code on the web, reading through those is very informative as to like, you can see
all the cases it thinks through. And like, sometimes it's just like really nice to see how it thinks
and how it works through the problem. I love it. I think it's very educational.
I'm gonna write up this thing later. The thing I was telling you about, this was such a funny
workflow because I'm like, this is so crazy. We're in a time where this workflow exists.
And it seems so stupid, but it kind of makes sense. Liz was like implementing a feature.
And she got to the point where usually she has to stop because it's not she mostly
does a pure UI part and then like doesn't do the data wiring or the logic. And she was like,
it's like me.
Dax. I did the front end.
I made it pretty. Yeah. So she was like, okay, like, I want to,
this needs to actually be wired up. And I was like, oh, you know, you can just tell
open code, like tell to do this and then tell to do this. Like I knew how to break it up into two
into two tasks. So I as a software engineer gave her roughly the prompt and she went and talked to
the LM and execute and had it executed. Then she used a share link sent it back to me.
And I was able to review and she was like, did it do it right? And the reason this is a little
bit different than a just a PR is what the LM does is every time it edits a file makes a change,
it like kind of describes like why it's doing that. It's like, okay, now I'm going to do this.
And then you see the diff. So I was able to quickly look at it and be like,
I very quickly understood that it went down the right path. Like this is what I expected.
And reading the text and looking at the diffs.
It's this really nice like verification of work. Yeah, like it's better than a code review.
It's it's like it's better than a code review. Yeah. It's better than a PR because it has that
those like annotations of like the thought process and everything else. So yeah, initially the share
page, I was always like, is this that useful? But then seeing that that moment, I'm like,
this is a crazy workflow because this is still having an experienced software engineer in the loop,
but getting more done than we would have otherwise with like a very minimal amount of my time.
And the output quality is still still great.
So okay, can we just that little use case just made me realize we need to do like
pair programming and open code, like have an invite command. And you basically can like
both be in the same session. And so you could just like read through it and send your own prompt.
Maybe no one would use that, but I just it just occurred to me that we could totally do that the
way we have things architected. Yeah, like the share page can have like right access. We can like
also also be on the share page or it could be that we're both in the term. Yeah, and we're just
connected to the same session. That's another funny thing. Because I also SSHed into her machine
and just opened up T bucks and like it was like effectively a screenshot over terminal and she
was like, I got a coffee shop. Yeah, you got the same. Yeah, you got the same effect. Yeah, we can
make that flow like much more native. But yeah, so I'm like, this is really, I'm like, can work,
look like this where it's a product person still working with an engineer, but like the process
looks pretty different than the engineer literally. I'm getting obsessed with this idea. Why is this
the low sleep inviting someone into your session to like help you drive the session forward? Like
junior engineer using open code, asking senior engineer to come in and help him. Yeah, I mean,
that was amazing. That was the original. For me, because we had some bigger companies talk to us
and say, uh, we want junior engineers to see this transcript in the PR so they can learn.
And the senior engineers and how they're using these tools. That was one of the big things that
convinced me to even do the share page. So I was like, okay, I see how bigger teams like they think
like this, they think about growing talent like people teaching each other. So things that aren't
normally on my radar, but I totally see it. Yeah. Yeah, I want to do this now. I don't know, maybe
no, maybe if you're a podcast listener and you use open code, because I think most of the open
code users listen to the podcast, not most open code users. I know a lot of our listeners have heard
about open code to the podcast. Uh, maybe you use it and you could tell me this is a terrible idea.
Or yes, I want it. That'd be cool. Or just go to GitHub. Just tell us. I want to be able to invite
people across the internet into my session to run stuff on my machine. It sounds kind of worse.
That's funny. It's a prompt in AI to run anything on the machine. Yeah. Yeah. Right. Like delete
everything in the system route. Yeah. I just I just had just it's just occurring to me how much
we are placing a bet on the terminal at this point. Like, I know it's so funny,
developers get comfortable in the terminal. So they'll order our coffee and use open code.
It's uh, and it feels like this, like, if you take a step back, it feels like the dumbest bet,
because like it just feels so ancient and like, yeah. There are people that I mean, like West
boss had a post being like, why the heck do people prefer running stuff in the terminal? I know.
Yeah. And I found it funny because he posted a screenshot of cursor or something being like,
look at how much you can do. Like, I saw that. Why would you do that on the terminal? And I had
two thoughts. One, I'm like, that UI looks insane. Like there's so much stuff. I know we got it's
really overwhelming. Like it looks bad to me. There's so much, but also like you can do all that.
Yeah. There was nothing in that screenshot we couldn't do. Yeah. It's just like one screen,
you know? Yeah, exactly. At the end of the day. Yeah. It's uh, so it does feel stupid in a way,
because it's like, feels ancient, but somehow it makes sense and it's like resonating, which is
also funny. Yeah. I mean, it's like it goes back to the first mentions on this podcast of like,
you talking about, it just needs to interact with the file system. This is pre-cloud code.
That's true. Like we just need, I want cursor, but I don't want to use VS code. I want to use my
current editor. And why not just have the file system as a source of truth? I got to pull up that
episode. I got to remember exactly how that conversation went. Because it's so funny. That's
exactly how things have trended. I mean, I say trended in our bubbles on Twitter. Yeah. Like,
cloud code has kind of had a moment. And I feel like people will just continue to question like,
do I need to download VS code to use AI tools? It just seems heavy. Yeah.
The other thing I brought up yesterday was a poor Frank because we all love the terminal.
Frank is a kind of person whose ideal UI is a button that is like 10 words long that does a
specific task. That's like, get this button pushes to production and also like, you know,
just like something big, but he wants to click on it. Like, that's just how he wants to work.
He needs some personal software. He just needs that to write his own with open code.
Like he just forced not with just open code. SST dev multiplexer. Like he had to like deal
with using that the terminal and then like, yeah, open code using the terminal. He's like,
he just wants to like, click on links, you know. Oh, it's funny. Oh, we would explain to him,
like, Frank, like we can't, like when a link wraps in VS code, like there's nothing we can do,
like we can't make a click. We have to like click and drag into him. It's just like the worst feeling
ever. Oh man. The perception I had of Frank outside from the outside versus like getting
down a little bit better and seeing you guys interact totally different. Yeah. And I just feel
like I would have never guessed that he's the button pusher. He's just like a mix of
contradicting things. Like he just is just like the dumbest user. Like he just wants the most
basic thing. But he does the most like comp like his work is just so like intensely technical at
times. Like out of all three of us and like, he just does like all this crazy stuff. But
it's that and then you mix in his like whole outside of work personality where
did you see what I posted that he his 5k time is 17 minutes? Yeah, that's insane.
Yeah. I had no idea. Jay who's extremely in shape works out every single day at Barry's bootcamp
runs like really in shape is like 20 is his times like 20 is crazy. And Frank is three minutes faster.
Which is like, yeah, I've never seen Frank say something that makes me think like
he's in the fitness or he's, you know what I mean? Like he's not a thing he talks about or
yeah, has that like persona online. He he just one of those people that I mean so going back to
the tie with everything for him is if we give him a task, he will just like go to the extreme end
of that task without even questioning it. Like, you know, like, that's why this model does this
models that dev we like I joke that it's a frank task because the task there was like go find
all the providers all the models every single piece of information and like write it into a
document like he will just go and like be spoke that and like not get tired and just like mine
is like do it until someone tells him stop you're doing too much. Yeah. And now you apply that to
like him working out and like running like it's it's the same thing like he just like pushes and
doesn't overcomplicate it with his brain. I love models that dev by the way, I have nothing to do
with this. I can say I just love it. It's well done. It's yeah, that's it's just funny. Like,
we just always end up having these like side side side projects that spin out to the side of the
side. Yeah. Yeah, we were talking yesterday about how like, okay, we're like gonna focus on open
code for the time being. And I was like, yeah, we're gonna only focus on open code and we're just
laughing like we all we never do that. Like, we always like, we're already doing models that dev,
like it's just yeah, we just always end up having stuff. The favicon on models that dev is so good,
Jay. Good work. I love the styles he put in and he put into models that dev. Yeah. I have to pee
really bad. I think we should just call it. Yeah. And we'll go back to work. Back to work. All right,
thanks, Dax. See ya. Yeah.